AST-492 - imrpv: Changed customizer submenu control title from "Container Animations" to "Submenu Animation" (#2848)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: Cart Icon not working with Sticky Header after enabling the option "Hide when scrolling down" on mobile devices.
- Fix: Secondary menu not expendable on mobile when it is outside of Off Canvas.
- Improvement: Added close button for multiselect selected items in Google font variants.

> - Improvement: Changed customizer submenu control title from "Container Animation" to "Submenu Animation".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvement: Changed customizer submenu control title from 'Container Animation' to 'Submenu Animation'.
```

Author: Yes this is Done

> - Improvement: Changed customizer submenu control title from "Container Animations" to "Submenu Animation".

Reviewer 2: @sagarb90 Please update ``"Container Animations"`` to ``"Container Animation"``

Author: @abhishek-bsf Yes updated.
